You've had an opportunity to learn
more about the important role an
entry-level analyst plays in protecting
the data and assets of an organization.
Let's quickly review what we covered.
We started off by discussing the
importance of having a security mindset,
including how it supports
incident detection.
Then, we examined the relationship
between incidents and events, and
further explored the incident
escalation process.
We ended our discussion by exploring the
sensitive nature of the data that you're
protecting and
the amount of people counting on you to
play your part in protecting that data.
Understanding how valuable you are as
a member of the security team can help
you put the work you do into perspective.
Every role in security matters.
Each individual contributes to making
a company's operations flow smoothly.
I hope you enjoyed our
discussion as much as I did!
Are you ready to continue your
journey into the security world?
Coming up, we'll discuss the importance
of escalating security incidents.